https://www.makernexus.org/donate
Use the button below to donate online. Please note that we pay a 3% transaction fee on credit card transactions.
Checks give us the full amount of your donation. Make your checks payable to Maker Nexus, and mail them to:
Maker Nexus1330 Orleans DriveSunnyvale, CA 94089
Donating stock to Maker Nexus can be a win-win situation for both you and us. Here's an overview of how this works:
Benefits for the Donor:
No Capital Gains Tax: If you donate appreciated stocks that have increased in value since purchase, you won't have to pay capital gains tax on the appreciation. 
Tax Deduction: You can claim a tax deduction for the full market value of the stock at the time of the donation, not just what you originally paid for it. This can be a substantial deduction, depending on the current value of the stock.
Simplified Process: Donating stock directly is often simpler than selling the stock and then donating the cash proceeds. 
Benefits for Maker Nexus:
Supporting  our  Mission: Your stock donation directly helps Maker Nexus in our mission to lower barriers of access to the tools and equipment that empower innovation for all and helps us expand our reach in delivering our programs to underserved youth
Larger Donation: For the same cost to you, you can make a larger donation to Maker Nexus.
In summary, donating stock to Maker Nexus is a tax-efficient strategic way to support a worthy cause while also obtaining financial benefits. 
Your donation can sponsor a deserving member of the local community to take classes, become a member, or fund an educator. 
Examples: Our camps for kids are a great opportunity to learn and grow, but not all families can afford to send their children to camp. Others in our community can't afford the monthly dues to join our makerspace. Your donation can also sponsor a makerspace membership for a deserving local STEAM educator. 
You can make a difference - contact us to discuss funding a scholarship
​We have received many generous donations and with much gratitude we acknowledge our Sponsors and Donors. Thank you!
Maker Nexus
1330 Orleans DrSunnyvale, CA 94089info@makernexus.org(408) 685 - 2500
Follow
FacebookInstagramTwitter
Hours
7 days a week10am – 10pm
Maker Nexus is Closed on:
New Year's Day
Memorial Day
4th of July
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day 
Christmas Eve
Christmas Day
Open New Year's Eve 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
Documents
Year 2022 IRS Form 990By-Laws Liability Waiver
Policies
Cancellation PolicyCOVID PolicyPrivacy Policy

 Get updates on the latest classes, upcoming events and more!
Maker Nexus is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization | Federal EIN: 82-3925333 | California Corporation Number: C4104356 Copyright © 2023 Maker Nexus 
