https://www.makernexus.org/covid-shield-nexus
Volunteer Makers
Face Shields Fabricated
Fabric Masks Sewn
When Santa Clara County, California issued a shelter-in-place order in mid-March of 2020, and we at Maker Nexus learned about the shortages in PPE, staff and members were able to rapidly design and prototype a useful faceshield in cooperation with local doctors and hospitals.
With our shop closed to members, we began making them with our otherwise idled laser cutters and 3D printers. Almost immediately, requests from healthcare workers began pouring in for these shields as well as cloth face masks.
Maker Nexus COVID-19 PPE Project
March - September 2020
Volunteer makers
Face shields fabricated
Soft cloth masks sewn
We needed help and so began an enormous effort involving almost 600 volunteers, mostly in the San Francisco Bay Area but, ultimately, around the US. This community of makers - with knowledge, equipment, and moxy - designed and 3D printed components, laser cut lenses, sliced elastic, assembled packages, and organized logistics to deliver thousands of face shields and cloth masks. The volunteers included youth and adults with their 3D printers, sewers with their home machines, colleges and companies providing equipment and operators, a landlord loaning warehouse space, pilots providing private planes and fuel, lawyers their pro-bono guidance, shippers, injection molders, and dozens coordinating requests from healthcare providers, sorting, packing, labeling, carrying and fund-raising.
We based our design on  the RC2 Face Shield Assembly, designed by Prusa Research.  To meet the demands of Bay Area healthcare providers, we modified Prusa’s Creative Commons-licensed design to cover the top of the head.  We went through several iterations with healthcare providers to make sure they were ready to be deployed.Our community of 3D printer operators fabricated the headbands and bottoms of the shield.   Back at the Maker Nexus building, we laser cut the clear plastic on our laser cutters.
The leaders of Maker Nexus, a new non-profit maker space in Sunnyvale, assure us the maker movement is far from over. In fact, they say the COVID-19 pandemic is giving some makers a new mission.
Aditya Indla, a sophomore at Bellarmine College Prep in San Jose, started a GoFundMe campaign that has raised more than $5,000 for Maker Nexus, a nonprofit that is using 3D printers to created face shields for healthcare workers.
In Sunnyvale, California, community workspace nonprofit Maker Nexus has been running its 13 3D printers and three laser cutters nonstop. The company produced 1,800 masks for local hospitals and now has requests for another 13,000.
On Monday, volunteers from Maker Nexus, a Bay Area non-profit organization that provides members with access to tools like laser cutters and 3D-printers to produce objects for practical and artistic purposes, delivered the first set of 500 reusable face shields to Santa Clara Valley Medical Center.
“This could be a potential brand new supply chain for us,” said Sanjay Kurani, medical director at Santa Clara Valley Medical Center. “It’s a great symbiotic relationship.”
Maker Nexus, a nonprofit in Sunnyvale, has become face shield central. [...] 
 “Within two weeks, they got us three different prototypes,” said Michael Elliot, chief operating officer of the Valley Medical Center Foundation. “They were able to make adjustments to it based on the feedback from our medical and our nursing and our infectious control staff, and on Monday, they delivered the first 500 units.”
In Sunnyvale, a group called Maker Nexus is working on 3D printing face shields that are being given to hospitals for free.   Maker Nexus says that they’ve gotten all their members together and they’re producing between 500 and 1,000 face shields per day. 
This week, the Valley Medical Center Foundation and the Sunnyvale nonprofit Maker Nexus announced an initiative to produce 3,000 face shields a week.
He pointed me to an elegant Face Shield design from the Maker Nexus makerspace in Sunnyvale, California. 
We're in a middle of a pandemic that's of a scope that we don't really understand and most of us have no direct control over," said Wells, "but it's easy to forget that there's a huge number of things we do have control over. And if we are working together and we're collaborating, and we're using the tools at our disposal, we can get a tremendous amount done.
 Innovation is part of the fabric of the Bay Area, so when the medical community said that they were running low on their personal protective equipment, the Maker community, and all their 3D printers, came to the rescue. Dozens of specialized 3D printers are building face shields. One makes headbands that will be attached to plastic sheets while another makes reinforcement parts for the bottom of the shields.  It's all volunteer work by the Sunnyvale-based nonprofit Maker Nexus.
Our efforts wouldn't be possible without the help of our generous donors and partners. Donations funded 3D printing supplies and plastic sheeting to keep the production line going.  Our Partners assisted with production, transportation and fabrication. 
The Mendez Family
Anonymous (3)
Bigler Family
In honor of Dr. Frank Gabrin
Anonymous (2)
Rotary Club of Santa Clara 
Santa Clara Rotary Foundation
Sares Regis
Elinor McRae
Anonymous (1)
We are grateful for the additional donations from over 400 people in other amounts. And to those who have run campaigns on Facebook, GoFundMe, and other platforms. Every one helps us provide PPE for front line medical workers. Thank you!
BOFA Americas​
Sacred Heart Prep HEART Lab​
Paul Menage​
Halcyon Financial Technology, L.P.
​Facebook​
Anonymous (19)
Our amazing team of community 3D printing volunteers. We call them Maker Heroes.
Maker Nexus
1330 Orleans DrSunnyvale, CA 94089info@makernexus.org(408) 685 - 2500
Follow
FacebookInstagramTwitter
Hours
7 days a week10am – 10pm
Maker Nexus is Closed on:
New Year's Day
Memorial Day
4th of July
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day 
Christmas Eve
Christmas Day
Open New Year's Eve 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
Documents
Year 2022 IRS Form 990By-Laws Liability Waiver
Policies
Cancellation PolicyCOVID PolicyPrivacy Policy

 Get updates on the latest classes, upcoming events and more!
Maker Nexus is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization | Federal EIN: 82-3925333 | California Corporation Number: C4104356 Copyright © 2023 Maker Nexus 
