https://www.makernexus.org/cancellationshttps://www.makernexus.org/If you need to cancel your registration or transfer it to another date, we’re happy to help!  Below you'll find our policies and instructions.Class & Workshop CancellationsCamp & Youth Program RegistrationsNote:  This policy does not apply to Maker Nexus Youth Camps. For our Youth Camps Cancellation Policy, see below.This policy applies to all of our Equipment Training classes, as well as workshops not designated as youth camps.  Below is a user-friendly summary of our policies.  For more information see our full policy document.Credits, and refunds will be processed based on the number of days in advance of the class date you contact us to change your registration.8+ Days:You will receive a refund for all registration & materials fees, minus a $5 cancellation fee per class,  issued back to your original payment method.7 Days to 48 Hours :Credit for the value of the registration fees, minus a $10 cancellation fee per class, will be applied to your Amilia account.  Materials fees will not be refunded.Credits are good toward anything offered in our Amila store, including classes and memberships, and never expire. Credits appear immediately in your account, and you will have the option to use them the next time you check out in our store.Less Than 48 Hours:No changes or transfers will be processed, and no refunds or credits will be issued.If you request a class transfer more than 48 hours before class, your registration can be transferred into another session of your choice.  If the session you want is full, Maker Nexus will add you to its waitlist.  No processing fees will be charged, and any price difference between sessions will be either credited or invoiced.  Any outstanding balances must be paid before the new registered class date.Email training@makernexus.org with the subject “Class Cancellation Request” or “Class Change Request” or call us at (408) 685-2500 .  Please include the name and date of the class, and the participant's name.  If you'd like to transfer to a later date, please include the date and time of the session you'd like to attend.  Let us know whether the reason for the cancellation or change is illness related.Please allow up to 3 business days (M-F) for processing and 3-5 days for credit card refunds. If we cancel due to state, county, or school health orders or mandates more than 7 business days before the start of the Class, you will receive a 90% refund to the original payment method and a 10% credit. For cancellations of this type made fewer than 7 business days before the start of the Class, you will be issued a full credit.If we cancel for any other reason (such as low enrollment), you can choose between a 100% refund to the original payment method, or a 105% credit.Revised March 10, 2023.This policy applies to all of our youth camps and youth programs.  Below is a user-friendly summary of our policies.  For more information see our full policy document.Transfers, credits, and refunds will be processed based on the number of days in advance you contact us to change your registration.45+ Days:You will receive 80% of your payment as a refund to the original payment method.45 to 4 Days:You will receive a 100% credit, less a $25 processing fee for each cancelled session, through Activity Hero. Your Activity Hero Credits are usable for any Maker Nexus program offered on Activity Hero, and expire on September 1 of the following year.Less Than Four Days:No credits or refunds will be given.If you cancel due to illness, you will be offered a free transfer to another week of camp if there are spaces still available. Send an email to training@makernexus.org with the subject “Camp Cancellation Request” or “Camp Change Request”.Please include the participant’s name, and the camp's name and starting date. If you are requesting a transfer, include the date for the camp you'd like to transfer to.  Let us know whether the reason for the cancellation or change is illness related.Please allow up to 3 business days (M-F) for processing and up to 10 business days for any credits or refunds to be issued.If we cancel due to state, county, or school health orders or mandates more than 7 business days before the start of the camp, you will receive a 90% refund to the original payment method and a 10% credit.  For cancellations of this type made fewer than 7 business days before the start of the Camp, you will be issued a full credit.If we cancel for any other reason (such as low enrollment), you can choose between a 100% refund to the original payment method, or a 105% credit.If we cancel in the middle of a weekly session due to state, county, or school health orders or mandates, you will receive a prorated credit based on the number of days canceled in that week.Maker Nexus1330 Orleans DrSunnyvale, CA 94089info@makernexus.org(408) 685 - 2500FollowFacebookInstagramTwitterHours7 days a week10am – 10pmMaker Nexus is Closed on:New Year's DayMemorial Day4th of JulyLabor DayThanksgiving Day Christmas EveChristmas DayOpen New Year's Eve 10:00 am - 4:00 pm DocumentsYear 2022 IRS Form 990By-Laws Liability WaiverPoliciesCancellation PolicyCOVID PolicyPrivacy Policy Get updates on the latest classes, upcoming events and more!Maker Nexus is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization | Federal EIN: 82-3925333 | California Corporation Number: C4104356 Copyright © 2023 Maker Nexus 