https://www.makernexus.org/covid-19
As we emerge from the pandemic together, we are making some changes consistent with CDC guidelines and the latest California and Santa Clara County public health updates.​
We will continue to monitor local and state guidelines for both staff and members going forward, and reserve the right to make adjustments at any time without prior notice in order to maintain a safe makerspace.​
We must emphasize that this policy does NOT allow you to come to the makerspace if you feel ill in any way. A slight "feeling odd" is a good reason to stay away. It is critical that the makerspace does not become a vector for spreading coronavirus.
By entering a Maker Nexus facility you agree that you are personally responsible for your own safety. Maker Nexus takes steps to limit your exposure to harm, but Maker Nexus takes no responsibility whatsoever for harm that may come to you from your presence in a facility. If you are unwilling to accept full liability for all aspects of your personal safety, including possible exposure to virus and other health issues, then you must not enter a Maker Nexus facility.
Face masks are recommended when in the makerspace to protect yourself and others.​
Do not come to Maker Nexus if you are sick. If you have a positive COVID-19 test result, call us 408.685.2500 or email info@makernexus.org as soon as possible. We will respect your privacy, but it is important for us to alert others who may have been in contact with you.
This is not a complete list of behaviors to limit your exposure and keep others safe, but it is a good start and each member should practice these.
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60 percent alcohol. 
Avoid contact with people who are sick at all times and places.
Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth.
Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash, and wash your hands.
If you are sick, stay home and get tested for COVID.
In 2020, we mounted a quick response to COVID that had a significant impact to health workers all over the United States. We are proud of the face shields and face masks that we made and distributed for free.  Read more about our 2020 COVID-19 response here.
Maker Nexus
1330 Orleans DrSunnyvale, CA 94089info@makernexus.org(408) 685 - 2500
Follow
FacebookInstagramTwitter
Hours
7 days a week10am – 10pm
Maker Nexus is Closed on:
New Year's Day
Memorial Day
4th of July
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day 
Christmas Eve
Christmas Day
Open New Year's Eve 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
Documents
Year 2022 IRS Form 990By-Laws Liability Waiver
Policies
Cancellation PolicyCOVID PolicyPrivacy Policy

 Get updates on the latest classes, upcoming events and more!
Maker Nexus is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization | Federal EIN: 82-3925333 | California Corporation Number: C4104356 Copyright © 2023 Maker Nexus 
